So it's time to replace all the other well actions to call in like this.
We have a service with real ngi our actions.
Let's start with adding multiple ingredients that super simple.
Feel free to try it on your own though.
Once you work with your ex for the first time it's probably super tough to remember all the things but
still try it.
We'll do it together in a couple of seconds.
Where are you able to do this.
First of all we need to find a new action.
So let's add a new constant and let's name it add ingredients maybe because this is what we want to
do.
And the string will therefore also have a value of add ingredients.
You can of course name it whatever you want.
Now let's copy that class here name and add and medians and use add ingredients as a type and the payload
will actually be multiple ingredients now.
So that's all that changed with that.
We all want to add this to our shopping list.
Action spun will we do this by adding the union type operator.
Does pipe symbol.
And then add add ingredients.
So this newly created class here.
These are all the changes we have to do and the actions fall at new constant and new class added down
here.
Now we have to add it to the reducers so that we can handle dessication for it is all set up a new case
where I check my shopping list actions for the add ingredients action now.
So that's all I'll add here.
And it can conveniently added like this because I'm importing everything from the shopping list actions
file already.
So with that here I want to return a new state by taking the old state with the spread operator taking
all the old properties.
And I want you override the ingredients property just like before all now is still used.
Spread operator to get all the old ingredients in an immutable way.
And now actual payload already is an array of actions.
We can't edit like this to an air raid though this only works if it's one element but we can use to
spread operator to distribute our many actions are many elements as single elements we add step by step
two dead array.
So that's using this as six feature spread operator and that's actually all.
Now we only have to dispatch it when we need it and we do dispatches in a shopping list service year
and add ingredients or we go to the original source where we did this.
This was in the recipe service.
So let's head up to the recipe service here and there we call the shopping list service.
Ingredients.
Now you learn what we have to do.
We have to inject the store here the store to be imported from at NCR X store and here we again could
write any if we are lazy.
If you are not lazy then you simply copy the state as it looks like it has this shopping list part with
the ingredients.
So let's copy that.
Let's move it here.
That's our store.
With that we can conveniently go down here and simply use this store dispatch and you action.
Now we need to import the actions.
So let's go here and add import
import everything from the actions fall as shopping list actions.
Maybe from the shopping list folder there to store folder and there is shopping list actions file.
And now we can use this variable which bundles all the exports from that file here to instantiate a
new shopping list action the add ingredients class here.
And since we added this constructor with the payload property which is an array of ingredients we can
conveniently pass our ingredients here.
So we simply pass the ingredients like dat And that's all.
Now with that we can already get rid of the shopping lists service that recipe service fall because
we're not using it anymore.
And we can get rid of it here too.
Resave it is go back to our application.
Let's see if that works let's go to a recipe this one maybe has two ingredients.
Let's go to shopping list.
And let's check the shopping list that worked still or Again using the energy our exit story.
However if you look closely we're still using the recipes service for this business where we inject
the store and this purchase right.
Well nothing wrong with that.
We can absolutely do that.
You don't have to get rid of all the services.
But if you really want to dispatch this action right at the place where we initiated then we would have
to go to the recipe detail component which is where we really call on ADD to shopping list and then
we could simply inject our store here private store of type store again and to import from our store
copy our state.
So this whole state again use any of your lazy.
So copy this as a generic type important ingredient model since we now needed in this fall.
So make sure to import dead from its location in the shared folder.
And now we can also add that other import of the shopping list actions.
I'm copying it from the recipe service add this to recipe detail because we we're needing access to
that to the POF is incorrect you need to go up one more level.
So I adjusted by that.
And now with that we can dispatch just right in this component.
So instead of reaching out to the recipe service we can now use to store called this patch and dispatch
our new shopping list actions add ingredients call here where we don't want to use this recipe ingredients
like that.
So now we're dispatching this.
This allows us now to get rid of this whole method here in the recipe service.
And of course there for all to get rid of the store injection hence remove injectable because we're
not injecting anything in this service anymore.
Get let's get rid of this import of the store import and injectable import So now we already made this
service a bit leaner too even though we haven't even worked on recipe's state management.
But we got days dispatching of shopping list action add ingredients moved to the right place.
So let's save this and see if it still works as it should.
We go to a recipe.
Maybe the burger and add this to the shopping list.
This works fine.
And again you see this automatic state management in action that's continue on working all the hour
on all the average shopping list related actions.
Let's remove the add ingredients one for now.